c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\BazaDanych.exe.config
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\BazaDanych.exe
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\BazaDanych.pdb
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\BazaDanych_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\BazaDanych.g.resources
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\BazaDanych.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\BazaDanych.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\BazaDanych.exe
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\BazaDanych.pdb
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\ConnectionSettingsWindow.baml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\ConnectionSettingsWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\LoginDialog.baml
c:\users\kamil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\LoginDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\TableViewer.baml
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\TableViewer.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\BazaDanych_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Kamil\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BazaDanych\BazaDanych\obj\Debug\BazaDanych.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
